c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\PrologTestSolution.exe.config
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\PrologTestSolution.exe
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\PrologTestSolution.pdb
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.GUI.resources
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.exe
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.pdb
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.dll
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
c:\users\michele\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution vs2013\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\PrologTestSolution.exe.config
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution vs2013\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.exe
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution vs2013\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.pdb
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\PrologTestSolution.exe.config
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.exe
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.pdb
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.GUI.resources
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\obj\Debug\PrologTestSolution.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\PrologTestSolution.exe
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\PrologTestSolution.pdb
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
C:\Users\Michele\Dropbox\Università\Tesi\My Extension\PrologTestSolution\PrologTestSolution\bin\Debug\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
